Goal of the Game is to purchase a specific item, "New Identity Papers", in the Black Market. It will allow the Character and their SO to leave the City for a better life.


Character Stats:
Health (Bad Heist Failures reduce. Staying in the Hideout or using Medical Supplies restores them.)
Stamina (Reduced by some Heist events, Mechanic Job use. Restored by Hideout or Home use, or some items)
Stress (Increased by 0 or Negative Bank, Heist Failures, Mechanic Job. Reduced by Bar or Home)


Character Skills:
Character skills come up in Heist Tests.
Shoot - How good the character is with a gun.
Sneak - How good the character is at remaining unnoticed
Mechanics - How good the character is with mechanical devices. Each level of Mechanics above 1 is a 10% bonus.


Other Trackables:
Cash on Hand: Gained by Heist Events or Market Sales, or Bank Withdrawal. Used to purchase Items.
Cash Banked: Directly deposited by Mechanic Job, or in person deposits. Deducted per period for Bills. Low, 0, or Negative amounts cause Stress.
XP Spent over Earned XP: How many XP points the Character Earned and Spent upgrading Stats and Skills.
Time: You have limited Time per day, 20 Hours [4 must be spent asleep]. There are 7 Days in a Week.
Automatic Expenses: Food and Living Expenses are [Basic Living Expenses/$600]. Items may require additional Expenses. Deducted at End of Day 7 in a Week.


City Locations:
Each location has actions, and will consume a minimum of 1 Hour. Traveling between locations does not consume Time.


Bank: Stores money safely. Lists Automatic Expenses and auto deducts for bills.
Bar: Character's SO works here. Reduces Stress at cost of Cash on Hand. May also restore Stamina.
Job: A Mechanic. Adds Stress, Reduces Stamina, adds Cash Banked per Hour spent, depending on Mechanics Skill. Uses 1 to 10 Hours, depending on how many left. Will terminate with One Hour left if started with less than 10. Can not be started with less than 2 Hours. [60 Hours Worked@Mechanics 1 = Basic Living Expenses, or $10/hour, * .9+[Mechanics/10] ].
Company Store: A clean shop, nothing illegal. Sells only legal items, does not buy Loot or items. Uses Cash on Hand.
Black Market: Underground and illegal. Sells legal and illegal items, buys items back at reduced price, buys Loot. Uses Cash on Hand.
Home: Where Character and SO live. Ends the Day/Night. Restores Stamina, Reduces Stress depending on Time Left. Coming with reduced Health can cause Stress.
Hideout: Base of operations. Ending Day/Night here will restore Health and Stamina, and may cause Stress. Can spend XP to upgrade Stats and Skills. Can launch Heists if has sufficient Stamina and Health levels.


Heists are a series of 3-5 Events generated procedurally. These Events offer Options based on Skills and any Items. Once chosen, the game performs a Test to see if the Character succeeds at the Event, or fails. Most Options will reduce Stamina by a listed amount, this is deducted after the Test is complete.
A Test checks the Difficulty of the Event Option versus Dice Roll + Skill, with penalties for Health lost, insufficient Stamina, and Stress.
A Success gains 1 XP per Difficulty, as well as Loot and/or an Item.
A Failure reduces Health and/or adds Stress depending on Difficulty. May also reduce Heist Loot already obtained [But not below 0].
Regardless of the Success or Failure, the Character cannot be killed or captured. 


Once a Heist is completed, the Character earns 1XP, and a Summary Report will be generated showing the results of each Event and the Final Tally. A Heist is the end of the Day.


Spending XP:
Stats and Skills may be improved in the Hideout at the cost of their current level in XP. The following options are:
+1 Max Health
+1 Max Stamina
+1 Stress Threshhold
+1 Shoot
+1 Sneak
+1 Mechanics


Some Event Options have requirements of Skill Level, Stamina, or Health Level. Some Event Successes using a Skill based option may give an increase to the Skill. Working 10 Hours at the Job has a chance of increasing your Max Stamina or Mechanics Skill. Some Items may give an Item bonus to a skill use.


Items
Items can be purchased in the Company Store, Black Market, or found in Heists. They can be Restoration Items [Medical Supplies for Health, Kaffa Bars for Stamina, Tea for Stress], Single Use Items for Events [Smoke Bomb, Acid Vial], or Improved Equipment that gives a bonus to Skills [Quality Tools, Improved Pistol, Reduced Noise Clothing]. This list of items is not meant to be fully comprehensive.
Housing Upgrades:
Housing upgrades are Items and consist mainly of furnishing and equipment for your House or Hideout that improves their effectiveness at restoring Health and Stamina, and reducing Stress. However, these items will increase your weekly Bills above the [Basic Living Expenses].